Funny Ideas
Dwarven speaking knuckles: the second 2 knuckles on your middle fingers. Used to tap out parts of dwarvish

bring the horse back

Cerik (Language)

Kub -> common large container
Sheam -> mother/motherly
Pan -> Bread
Panshakob -> the flatbread cradle
Cet -> a seat
Briak -> family name
-O -> The royal Suffix
Vo -> the deminuative prefix
Triamo -> the emporer named for their 3 forms of power. Wings for religion, sword for military and mantle for government/land
cerk or cleric -> from Danumoc for priest or cleric
Vocerk -> a common Cleric
tor: tower, ardulian loanword
tortand: specifically a wizards tower, or place of residence
viche: recorded as


Danumoc or Old Ronconta

Fan Sheek -> wild grass waves

Fan -> a wild or untaimed grassland
Sheek -> A wave
Keerk -> cleric

Celestial
Olor: God of Cerik, leader of the Olorus Pantheon 

Ardulian
Tourtand: a tower (usually wizard)
Cetandri: a castle
Lucha: the body

Funny NPCs
A unicorn that is working gravel duty with another horse and a squad of 8 soldiers. Its perfectly ok working this job.

A dragonborn inchanter that need help casting a spell he learned in Cerik that has too many O sounds in its verbal component. He cant cast it because he doesnt have lips and thus, cant make the sound.

A flesh abomination that ran away from a necromancer/mad wizard. Wizard tried to animate them but, its kinda tricky to guess the personality you put in your flesh monsters. This one turned out chill. Is actually a fairly good healer. They eat grass and leaves.

A regular shopkeeper that ordered too many brooms.

Identity frog(fraud)

Good Ideas

A dragonborn Mug: kinda like a small watering can.

Magical chaff : 2nd level spell create 2 little balls of floating magic within 10 ft of the caster, When the caster or a creature within 10 feet of the caster is targeted by a spell, the caster can chose to use their reaction to make the spell target the chaff instead. Roll 1d6, on a 4 or higher the spell targets the chaff instead

A sliding block fight. A wizard with an earth spell commands blocks to move and smash people

A bard fight with a full drum kit


People
Ordained Nobles
Cetello Novac
Cetello Craanak
Cetello 
Cetello Jiikaneel
Cetello Grecho
Luchamo Mailleducoeul
Luchamo Nohbaelill
Luchamo Deacouche
Triamo
Noble Houses
Barret Smith
Veaubaysano Hoenhiem
Vobarret Cowley
Veaubaysano Necamo

Magic
Magic Formally
The Act can be defined as the mixing of ambient Ether and a wizards internal Mana in their Chalice, under pressure, and using a spell catalyst to release their built up magic in the form of an expelled Arcane phenomena. – A textbooks definition of spell casting.
Eventually, any mage worth their sugar, stops giving others a definition of magic all together. Magic, as it turns, out does not like to live in words. It seems to find great joy in the exceptions, ignorance and clauses to the rules it insists on. To a studying wizard their sequences, taught and understood in the cathedrals of learning seem: iron, resolute and axiomatic. That is until, of course they decide to delve deeper and discover, likely the year after, (hold for laughter) the shaky approximations, empty presuppositions and many exceptions to their rigidly held understanding of their mastery. That is to discover after many years of study that Sequence, the great pursuit of a discrete and explainable magic is a spectre, a puppet strung in front of mortals to satisfy their curiosity from what the Act is truly capable of doing. Our cumulative understanding of the Act is provably tiny, you all have been asked before, in labs, to ignore rounding errors larger then the percentage of out total understanding. In a sense this is a weight off your shoulders. I certainly don’t know what magic is and in the 6 months of this course, you will eventually realize, that you don’t know what magic is either. Though through lesson, I will show you the breath left on the window of magic that is our understanding of sequence, introduce you humbly to the scope of our ignorance and likely drink with you through the horrors of your realizations. To contradict my earlier point, I would have to describe magic as having the sole goal of wishing to frustrate the academics who would wish to pin it in place and put it up on the wall as a neat equation or a collection of moths. It is, in 3 words, A wily sonofabitch.
- The rehearsed introduction speech to the class of Theoretical Plaited Sequences delivered by Tauromo Urag Tenneric, Resident mage of Saint Gos Horag
Magic and the Act
The Act has been recorded being formalized in at least 4 separate civilizations. The Act is like sand or grass or air. No one discovers these things. They are natural, are not dependent on nor are predicated on people finding them. They simply are, because they have been. The Act is, because it has been. As things with minds came to know the winds, the heat, the rain and the earth as natural, so too did they come to know the Act or magic as natural as well. The entomology for magic comes from the Celestial Language and the codices that remain of it and its attempt to... summarize what it describes. 
The Play, The Act, and The Arcane. Magic Informally

Crests

Spells
Arcane Chaff
V,S – Abjuration – All – 1 action – 10 minutes – Concentration -1st level – self 
Key Terms: Sequence
The caster creates 2 motes of Visible Sequentic Magic that hover within 10 ft of them. When the caster is targeted by a spell or spell-like effect instead, the spell targets the mote of magic as if it was the original target of the spell. Once targeted the mote is consumed, when the last mote is consumed the spell ends. When cast at higher levels, the spell creates 1 additional mote of magic per level above 1st level. A spell that targets the caster multiple distinct times, consumes a number of motes equal to the number of times the caster was targeted.

//feedback
add a chance to it. Like roll 1d6 for every mote, on a 5 or 6 that mote is consumed.
Crystal Chaff
V,S – Abjuration – Cerrik – 1 action – 1 minute – Concentration - 3rd level - self
Key Terms: Sequence, Crystal
The caster creates 2 motes of Visible Crystalline Magic that hover within 10ft of them. As a reaction when the caster or a creature or object within 10ft of the caster is targeted by a spell or spell like effect, the caster can consume 1 mote of magic and have the spell target the mote instead. When cast at higher levels, the spell creates 1 additional mote of magic per 2 levels above 3rd. A spell that targets the caster multiple distinct times, consumes a number of motes equal to the number of times the caster was targeted.
The Spell of 88 Sheep
V, S – Conjuration – TBD – 1 Bonus action - 10 minutes – Concentration - 6th level
Traits: Song
Arcane Arrow
V,S – Evocation – All – 1 Action – Cantrip – 120 ft
Key Terms: Sequence
You create 1 dart of magical force, the dart strikes a creature of your choice that you can see within range. The Dart deals 1d4+1 Force damage to its target. At 5th level the dart deals an extra 1 damage, at 11th level the dart deals an extra 2 damage, at 17th level the dart deals an extra 3 damage.
Shield Breaker
V,S – Abjuration – Racontan – 1 Action – 1 minute - 2nd Level – 60 ft
Chose 1 target you can see within range, That creature must make a Charisma saving throw. On a failure, any spell with either the key term Shield or has the term Shield in its name is instantly dispelled. Additionally a target cannot benefit from any spell with either the key term Shield or has the term Shield in its name. A target can make a Charisma saving throw at the end of its turn to end this effect. At higher level you can chose 1 other additional target per spell level above 2nd.
Arcane Crest
V,S – Abjuration – Racontan – 1 reaction (an area of effect) - 2nd level – 10 ft
You create a 5ft by 5ft crest of magic in a location within range. This location cannot intersect a wall or another creature. This crest manifests as a brittle wall of arcane material. It has a hardness equal to your spell casting modifier and a pool of hit points equal to 2d8+spell casting modifier. The crest is considered to be affected by the area of effect if created in it. The crest automatically fails all saving throws of the triggering area of effect. If a creature or object that was affected by the triggering area of effect now has more than 1/2 of the arcane crest interposed between them and the origin of the area of effect, they reduce the damage taken by the number of hit points the crest lost. If this reduces the amount of damage taken to 0, that creature or object are no longer considered to be affected by the area of effect for the purposes of any additional effects, this damage mitigation is handled as the primary effect of any area of effect before other effects unless specific mention otherwise. Area of effects that do not do damage initially are not affected by this spell. The Crest disappears at the start of your next turn. At higher levels you can increase the hit points of the crest by 2d8 for every level above 2nd. 


Aldroc’s Defence for Fireball
V,S,M – Abjuration – Cerrik – 1 action – 10 minutes – concentration - 2th level – 30ft
Any fireball spell centred within the range of this spell automatically has its range reduced to a 5ft sphere and its damage halved.
Aldroc’s Defence for Lightning Bolt
Crystal Volley
Crystal Bombard
- sword spells